Oh
going
I was because I was like rocker cover
the with the girls like cursor hey all
citizens on the radio when you boarded
where you going baby corn and girl hey
hit ain't no telling how kind of look I
can't tell you where I'm going your art
won't stop goodbye to the bottom hello
shut up I left the city for a minute but
it's still on my bed till my niggas
ain't finna put the villa on the man
i'll be back and I'm coming with a deal
and a plan cuz I'm ill bitch they
couldn't make a pill for a rep pour
liquor for my fingers that was he'll set
of bed came home shit is real niggas
still in the track all of that'll get it
twisted every slave do you think me I'm
like a junk silver I can't wait to be
the king witnessed a drink tray doubt
that Carolina water I was brought up in
a city where the skinny niggas trying to
be the ballers ain't no fathers but the
skinny niggas try to hit their daughters
stick it in the Korean but her mother
never caught us what they taught us many
bad bitches only what the Bartlett's the
starters we hooping at aholes one of
gutters okay so play t know what I mean
and I I put you on my team and its life
is but a dream when I need a fast car
bad bronze fast-forward past part of a
fuckin rap star and where you going
bigger hey hey no time this shit I can't
tell you when i'm going just almost
stuck you got to the bottom hello Jenna
ja